[Doc] Installation guide & Integration guide (#142)
3scale/zync: INSTALL.md

# Install Zync

> Download this repository and run `bundle install`.

Reviewer: maybe offer this as 2 commands that people can easily copy paste?
```
git clone ...
bundle install
```

Reviewer 2: This should not be needed at all. `bin/setup` should handle the project setup.

> Install PostgreSQL with `brew install postgresql`

Reviewer: this is clearly on for macOS right? 

maybe put it under a section ?

Reviewer 2: I'd rather have a Brewfile than manual steps to install.

Author: @mikz Is it worth having a Brewfile for one single line? 🤔

Reviewer: imho, yes. 

by convention, I know that a Brewfile should include _all_ dependencies. If I only see one, I know that is the _only_ dependency.

Start its service with `brew services start postgresql`

> Make sure that it is running. See the services running with `brew services list` and `postgresql` should be in that list with status `started` and looking green. If you see an orange `orange` started, that means that it is trying to start but it is having errors, which you can see with more detail in the logs with `tail -f /usr/local/var/log/postgres.log`.

Reviewer: I <3 the tip about the orange started!! great that you're including it here - I can see that I could have been banging my head against the wall for a couple of hours having been misguided by that "started" message.

Author: That is exactly what happened to me 😂

> Create the database with `rails db:create`.

Reviewer: maybe at the top of the INSTALL.md we should have a section with pre-requisites: 
what i see so far: 

* git
* bundler
* brew
* rails

(potentially with links to installation instructions for each?)

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is necessary. `bin/setup` should do everything.

Reviewer 2: @gsaslis `brew` is not a prerequisite. I know this guide is written like it is, but it certainly isn't. Neither is git. You can just get a tar.gz.

Reviewer: Yes, good point. We should clarify that the requirements are for *the installation instructions*, not the application itself.

If `bin/setup` replaces all these steps (and doesn’t use them) then no need to mention them ofc.

# Install Zync

> Download this repository, install the dependencies and setup. These commands for MacOS are:

Reviewer 3: Steps are numbered and atomic; each step is an action.

> Download this repository, install the dependencies and setup. These commands from MacOS are:

Reviewer 4: I do not understand the `These commands from MacOS are`

```
git clone git@github.com:3scale/zync.git
cd zync
brew bundle
brew services start postgresql
./bin/setup
```

> The command `brew services start postgresql` starts the service of PostgreSQL. If the `./bin/setup` does not work, make sure that this service is running. See the services running with `brew services list` and `postgresql` should be in that list with status `started` and looking green. If there is an orange `started`, See the postgresql log (with `tail -f /usr/local/var/log/postgres.log`) and fix the errors.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The command `brew services start postgresql` starts the service of PostgreSQL. If `./bin/setup` aborts, make sure that this service is running. Verify with `brew services list` that `has a status `started` and looking green. If the status is `started` but colored orange, fix the errors indicated in the `/usr/local/var/log/postgres.log` ele.

```

> The command `brew services start postgresql` starts the service of PostgreSQL. If the `./bin/setup` does not work, make sure that this service is running. See the services running with `brew services list` and `postgresql` should be in that list with status `started` and looking green. If you see an orange `orange` started, See your postgresql log (with `tail -f /usr/local/var/log/postgres.log`) and fix the errors.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The command `brew services start postgresql` starts the service of PostgreSQL. If `./bin/setup` does not work, make sure that this service is running. Verify with`brew services list` that `has a status `started` and looking green. If the status is `started` but coloured orange, fix the errors indicated in the `/usr/local/var/log/postgres.log` file
```

> The command `brew services start postgresql` starts the service of PostgreSQL. If the `./bin/setup` does not work, make sure that this service is running. See the services running with `brew services list` and `postgresql` should be in that list with status `started` and looking green. If you see an orange `orange` started, that means that it is trying to start but it is having errors, which you can see with more detail in the logs with `tail -f /usr/local/var/log/postgres.log`.

Reviewer 4: > that means that it is trying to start but it is having errors,  which you can see with more detail in the logs with

Shorten to

> See your postgresql `tail -f /usr/local/var/log/postgres.log` log and fix the errors.

> # Install Zync

Reviewer 3: What are the prerequisites to install zync? 
We usually have these sections: prerequisites and procedure.
If necessary, you can add a reference section to include additional information.

> # Install Zync

Reviewer 3: What does `this` refer to?

Author: @porueesq You are reviewing an old version 😄 This is not here anymore 👍

> # Install Zync

Reviewer 3: Steps are numbered.
Instruction is in a line, and the command in another one:
 _3. Install PostgreSQL._
_`brew install postgresql`_

# Install Zync (only explained for MacOS so far)
1. Download this repository.
`git clone git@github.com:3scale/zync.git`

2. Move to the folder of the project.
`cd zync`

3. Install the dependencies. There is `Brewfile` containing all the dependencies.
`brew bundle`

4. Start postgres.
`brew services start postgresql`

> 5. Setup.

Reviewer 3: What is going to be set up?

`./bin/setup`

> The command `brew services start postgresql` starts the service of PostgreSQL. If `./bin/setup` aborts, make sure that this service is running. Verify with `brew services list` that has a status `started` and looking green. If the status is `started` but coloured orange, fix the errors indicated in the log located in `/usr/local/var/log/postgres.log`

Reviewer 3: _...If `./bin/setup` aborts, make sure that the `PostgreSQL` service is running._

Reviewer 3: If not, include the name of the service instead of "this".
